
Current and Emerging trends project reflection
 By Grant Sorenson
  A few things that were given to me include the code for the treasure maze environment and game experience, as well as various libraries used for calculation and visualization. Various functions were included in the provided classes like getting the state of the environment, taking an action, resetting the maze, and adding rewards. These components were very important to the functionality of the project because they allowed me to complete training the agent while tweaking settings to optimize its performance. Computer scientists create software or hardware that solves a problem or accomplishes a goal. In my case, I built an AI agent that was able to find the most efficient route through a maze, training it on previous attempts and gathering data. This technique can be optimized further and applied to many different real-world scenarios. I like to approach problems from an organized and logical perspective. I prioritize what’s important and find the most efficient or effective way to do it. I like to think about a problem from the ground up and account for possible errors or areas of failure. This gives me a good idea of the entire problem and allows me think of multiple solutions before putting one in place. An essential rule to creating effective code is always making sure the code created is necessary and effective. Some of my ethical responsibilities to the end user include not creating an agent that someone else could take advantage of or manipulate in a negative way. AI agents can be very powerful and can cause real world harm if not used correctly or with ethical purposes in mind. I hope this project interests those who see it and gives them an idea of how to create a simple AI agent that can solve and memorize mazes. 
